{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green18\blue20;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green128\blue216;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c9020\c10196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c10588\c58431\c87843;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh9100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p>\'93
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/LilNasX"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \uc0\u8234 @LilNasX}}\cb1  \cb3 Been watching everything going on with OTR. When I got thrown off the charts, Waylon Jennings said to me \'93Take this as a compliment\'94 means you\'92re doing something great! Only Outlaws are outlawed. Welcome to the club!\'94 Billy Ray Cyrus tweeted Lil Nas X, two days before the duos\'92 remix was released.</p>\
\
<br>\
\
<em>\'94Only Outlaws are outlawed\'94</em>. Yes. Agreed. And it seemed for a second that the proverb Cyrus passed to his junior was, for once, genuine. The case of <em>Old Town Road</em> follows the trend most cultural takes have, in that they\'92re true\'97kind of, not really.\
\
<br>\
\
The question of what art 
\i <
\i0 em>is<em> has daunted the philosophical and literary world for generations. (
\b no)
\b0  Unsurprisingly, the new era of utility has killed it, which is very good. If it is meaningless, it must not matter. This is the contemporary rationality many facets of the world build their theses around, It\'92s precisely this utilitarianism that many young and aspiring artists find as a 
\i goal 
\i0 to overcome. There is 
\b always
\b0  a goal. Rationality, and the contemporary dependence on utilitarianism have both killed the ontological question of art, and given life to new artistry.\
\
<br>\
\
<p>This life is propelled towards belonging, and most successful, contemporary, Western art, has found its message in belonging. Either through a deep meditation and translation of the solipsistic artist\'92s experiences and pain, or through the trail-blazing, revolutionary boundaries an artist is willing to destroy. Both points are important, because they both find their weight in creating new spaces, respectively. \
\
<br>\
\
The artist who translates their experiences speaks to the marginalized. This ranges from the emotionally distraught (of all ages, from frivolous to devastating), who crave a certain type of art to compliment their certain type of feeling, to our normal definition of the marginalized\'97actual people who have had, for political reasons, their voices actively suppressed.</p>\
\
<br>\
\
The second group is far more applicable to our framework than the first, because the emotionally distraught find an immediate space for their personal wellbeing, and the politically marginalized are created a space 
\i within 
\i0 the very industry that works in the nexus of their historical suppression. Both fall in line with our argument about utility and the active goal of the artist carving out spaces, but the second is far more telling of the danger this new era of utility has imposed. But, for now, look at this big black text: 
\b The artist who translates their experiences does so in the pursuit of creating a space for the people.
\b0  \
\
<br>\
\
The artist who strives to destroy all traditions and shatter expectations\'97well, first and foremost, must do so for 
\i some reason. 
\i0 All else is vanity, otherwise. This is a very contentious point, I think, because the notion of creating art for art\'92s sake and plunging into pure prettiness is very popular these days. But it seems that even then, the artist builds themselves on a 
\i thesis, 
\i0 and even the atheist does as well. It\'92s the 
\b agnostic
\b0  artist who seems to be the most\'85
\i mid
\i0 . In the complete denial of art\'92s relationship with utility, the artist builds a necessary thesis behind their work, as to not come off as a vegetable.\
\
<br>\
\
Regardless, once that is ticked, the technically revolutionary artist 
\i ALWAYS 
\i0 finds themselves at the forefront of a tired conversation, one that is 
\i ESPECIALLY 
\i0 tired in the cinematic world: The artist as <em>the diamond in the rough.</em>\
\
<br>\
\
I want to be honest and say I am struggling in this section to use non-binary pronouns, because I have never seen a woman filmmaker in this position. The male filmmaker is the embodiment of the technically revolutionary legume. There are many vegetables in cinema.\
\
<br>\
\

\b The artist who defines their career through subversion and non-traditionalist values does so in the pursuit of creating a space for the artist.\
\

\b0 <br>\
\
And so what of the transitory nature of art? A revalation: I used to think you must be a very wrinkly person if the metaphysical question of aesthetics still bothers you, but is this not only a side-effect of having an ounce of faith in the very real notion that art can transcend all materiality? Yes, it is. And No, also. No, it is not transcendent. All art falls under the umbrella of utility, because all meaningful art has a thesis, and agnostic art is very clearly, to 
\i all of us, 
\i0 evil art. It\'92s only the notion that this sort of art is in some way spiritually evil or lacking in morality that is archaic.\
\
<br>\
\

\b Agnostic art is art that rarely bothers to ponder the question of its weaponization.
\b0 \
\
<br>\
\
Because all art is weaponization, that is the fundamental utilitarian end for every single piece of distributed art. If it is not met, it simply did not see the light of day. \
\

\b image about getting on with the point 
\b0 \
\
<br>\
\
The fundamental issue with saying all art is due for weaponization lies in the fact that I am listening to music as I type drivel, and I direct movies, and I enjoy television. So immediately, I am far more optimistic than the theorists I draw from.\
\
<br>\
\
Ok, next issue: If all art is weaponization, and I\'92m to deny the blind-sighted carving out of political spaces within the very sphere that has pummeled my kind systemically, then A. This system is <em>far</em> more abstract than the blanket \'93deep-state\'94, cyberpunk, global-conspiracy world I scratched my belly to, and B. There is legitimately no way to achieve <em>anything</em> in the midst of this self-serving abomination of an industry. \
\
<br>\
\
These are critical points that condense and even mutate, abysmally for some, decades of cultural theory, and my goal right now is not to expound on each individual facet, but rather get to the fucking point.\
\
<br>\
\
<em>Old Town Road</em> was created on the same technical principles the new era of music is starting to find as law. Even amongst conversations with technically skilled professionals in the field, there is an insistence on mixing and mastering music with accessibility in mind, so that all devices are taken into consideration. This is the sort of utility one hears in the Design sphere, and it\'92s honorable that that sort of relationship with equipment has a very distinct section within the music world. Auteur theory serves as the counterpart to this categorical approach to physically producing art, because the ghoul who\'92s in charge of the \'93crew\'94 insists on mixing the spirit of the engineer with the rank stench of the screenwriter.\
\
<br>\
\
I hope to bring into the forefront just how important the physical ease of creating <em>Old Town Road</em> was in its success. When I say success, I do not in anyway mean to applaud its marketability or ultimate profit value, but its success in making Billboard, 
\b a facet of the musical cultural industry that
\b0  
\b reflexively feeds the very system that runs it, thus creating a space where the industry and only the industry have the power of utility to capture the ends of art (CHANGE A LOT DSHAFHDSAFDJSAFDSAF), 
\b0 muster up a second of confusion and cover up a frivolous matter of semantics.\
\
<br>\
\
Billboard\'92s controversial, and I should reiterate, <em>secret</em>, decision to take <em>Old Town Road</em> off the country charts lost its power when it the conversation was immediately pulled to the base question of utility\'97the blind sighted artist\'92s question utility, that is\'97<em>We do what we do because we have systematically not been allowed to operate in these spaces, and that\'92s bullshit.</em> And it is, without a doubt, bullshit. But more on that after this.\
\
<br>\
\
The power of its ever so slight crack into a facet of the culture industry proves itself\'85recursively. It is in the sentence alone. Billboard is seen as the archaic \'93other\'94 that the bedroom musician either infiltrated or never cared about in the first place. And it very much is that \'93other\'94 now. Make no mistake, the bottom-up success of the bedroom/Soundcloud artist has found its success <em>only</em> through these archaic facets of the culture industry (i.e. the radio, charting), but that does not mean it\'92s not a success, and that does not mean it can\'92t tap into the same pressure <em>Old Town Road</em> did.\
\
<br>\
\
The third, amongst many, issue that is raised is the obvious ignorance this stance seems to have towards the very real issue of marginalization and the successes that spring from the goal of overcoming it. I could turn it into a grand issue the way I\'92d turn the success of women\'92s suffrage into the [hopeful(?)] impetus: \'93Why did it take so long, and why did we need to go through <em>you</em> to get it done?\'94 But it got done, and it had to have got done, because a very explicit domination would have continued to precede. So\'85fuck.\
\
<br>\
\
\'93Only Outlaws are outlawed\'94 Waylon Jennings told Cyrus decades ago. The world is so sickeningly evil. The official remix to <em>Old Town Road</em> rolled out, and so did numerous other remixes. To top this off, Lil Nas X performed at multiple award shows fully embracing the identity he was quietly, in a pathetic attempt, stripped of for a millisecond. It\'92s the return to the way things were in the year-long rollout that followed, that seemed normal, of all things. I say normal fully aware of his performing in various neon colored cowboy suits.
\b \
}